Update to meet HELICS licensing plan and recommended open source community standards (#1)
GMLC-TDC/netif: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to HELICS and the GMLC-TDC archives

:+1: First off, thank you for taking the time to contribute! :+1:

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to HELICS and associated projects. These are suggested guidelines. Use your best judgment.

## Table Of Contents

## Licensing

> HELICS is distributed under the terms of the BSD-3 clause license. All new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HELICS and GMLC-TDC/netif are distributed under the terms of the BSD-3 clause license. All new
```
